cardinal knowledge cardinal signs
need to secure and
to limit
walking around some danger
mark danger on the ground well
let's save us there was danger
here we had a north direction and
4 characters are not placed here
Rob inserted clear and not very
four signs will be the northern cardinal
sign east south west they are all
look like a stick or babakin but
they are always dion so we had such
here
badges
and some columns they tell
jord yellow and black on now
let's see how they are right
painted
on these badges on these boots
daily figures are put and we are figures
look consists of two triangles and
make some combinations of them
but let me tell you my way
memorizing this combination is northern
cardinal mark
2 triangles 2 triangles look
so here and flocks up you
reminds me of a project being raped
Christmas trees
Well, it is logical to imagine we grow trees
bright cardinal mark
we will have the opposite arrow down
looks in childhood I used to paint a palm tree
for me that means palm starts
the western cardinal mark will be
look like two triangles
looking each other on spirit on 1000 friend but
in the west you like slim women or
love time is another option but in the east
eastern cardinal mark he will not
triangles stand and looking into
different sides and up and down on the other
I can say that in the east he loves
such a big woman
Now look at the order but by icons.
this is such a way of memorizing means
go further in color because the icons have
us, they are not very small
clearly visible we have the opportunity
draw color use colors
yellow black each column is divided into
three parts
and filled according to very simple
the rule is filled in black ta
the part where it looks cool
triangle at the time of action
my triangle is filled up
here black
lighter triangle will also be able to top
fill in the following black remaining
the place is complemented by a yellow light
let's see the eastern cardinal
the sign here is a triangle looking
upstairs and the second one looks down remaining
meter is filled with yellow yota
cardinal sign he's just importance
by the northern cardinal mark y he will
filled two thirds below
black and the top will be
painted yellow western cardinal
sign he has both triangles will be able to
the center, that is, the center will be black
square
black sector and on the edges that is above
below it will be yellow
now how to remember how to see these
cardinal signs at night they will
blink according to the rule
clockwise let's do this
we will blink white they will
help the gray cardinal and the law will
it will just blink constantly
time to blink white oriental
cardinal mark will blink like on
three o'clock hand standing i have three
times
southern cardinal sign which looks at
six hours therefore will blink
6 1 6 times pressed and the next will be the length
then again every construction
repeated western cardinal mark
blinks like 9 o'clock that is 9 1 times in
how to remember it still start to burn in
first 12 hours three hours 6 hours nine
hours means it should be no 20
blinks constantly this blinks three times
6 times and if you see after 6 flashes
one long it will be southern
cardinal sign if after 6 flashes
carp starts all or out of the box
flashes on the watch more if
nine it was the western cardinal
a sign if there were more than 9
it will be north paintings on